hi there guys and girls you're back with
the one and only my name is Rob here
from video games blogger.com
and welcome to a quick guide on
character unlocking had a few questions
from the some of you as to how you
unlock characters and how you go through
the process etc so first off to have a
character available for purchase you
need to find a character token though
you can do that by running through the
levels you'll obviously find them in
strange hidden places by doing things
like that we just found a couple of
vines that needed a bit of you know
illumination to get rid of them so we
found Gregorovitch is character token
now once you've found a character token
for somebody and trust me there are tons
of them guys you're going to go
absolutely crazy with this one yeah you
can go about the place you'll find them
absolutely everywhere there's even one
hidden in the room where we go there's a
gold brick as well well that'll add to
my cans so anyway so once you've found a
character token you're going to set
yourself down to this little store over
here we're going to go there in a second
go on and boys what you're waiting for
let's go show everybody at home how to
get them characters okay here we are
once we're inside the store of course
sir you know just a case of waiting for
it to load don't worry don't worry we're
getting there in a second and here we go
okay so now we're in everything's
hunky-dory and you can run around the
room zap absolutely everything and if
you guys up in one of those little
clothes rails down below you'll also
find another character token so like I
say you're really going to have to keep
your eyes open for them guys they are
all over the place hidden amongst all
sorts of different bits and pieces once
you've found a character token you can
take yourself over to this little pad
you go down to the screen and of course
the characters that you have available
for purchase are kind of select your
selectable and I'll have the person
who's name next to them of course so
we've got old Zachary Smith we found him
in the game there are a few that you've
unlocked in the game just by going
through the story mode itself so what
you know there will be one or two
available to you but a majority of them
you're going to have to find first
before you can actually go out there and
buy them so we'll have him just we'll
just you know spend as much about money
as we possibly can okay it seems like
we're kind of running out of - now
no-one's really cheap enough for us but
if you guys are looking for a little bit
of extra cash and you maybe want to go
around it
less honorable route we have got a cheap
guide video for you and there's a ton of
cheats there to allow you access to all
the big score multipliers if you give a
couple of these a quick zap show you
guys another one of the character tokens
that's hiding away quickly for wizard
got it zapped in the head but he's
alright he's alright come on then boys
showed lovely people that's it ah there
we are zap that one and hey presto now
we found another and you'll be able to
unlock them as you go throughout the
game guys don't forget to search every
nook and cranny you really don't want to
be missing anything at all because of
course that'll you know you just stand
the chance of missing us it could just
be that one tiny tiny little box that
you forgot or maybe there's a couple
more hidden in a level but you guys will
get them all I'm sure and remember down
in the comments section I know this is
just a short section here showing you
how to select your characters if you go
into free play mode obviously you'll be
given this menu and of course you can
now go through and pick up on anybody
that you've purchased you can choose
them as your main start character of
course and the game will select a group
that will then surround those and
hopefully with the best skills to
warrant for the level of courses so best
of luck to you guys finding them all I
wish you all the best until next time
have fun